Here's my email.
If you want to get clarifications,
William, I probably shouldn't do this,
should I?
There we go.
[LAUGH] If you wanna ask any questions,
people, there it is, and let's summarize.
We have a groundbreaking,
thanks to the people who innovatively,
I think,
took these steps over the past years,
a groundbreaking approach to
user interface engineering.
A single source of truth.
In a collection of runtimes,
API's browser features, regulatory bodies,
standards agencies known as a web
browser creators over the last 30 years.
In a world in which there could
be multiple sources of truth,
there is HTML, was implicitly
saying hey DIV on, input on.
Our DOM that had any input from the user,
automatically tracked in
it at JavaScript runtime.
Our CSS object model instead,
one source of truth for our data.
Everything the user sees stems
from data in JavaScript.
It's restrictive but
desperately predictable, and
enables data propagation to the view.
That means, essentially,
we don't like that word, it always a sign,
that means we are able to
make a change to data and
having described one time how the view
will look based on that data.
Don't even have to do anything, it's just
gonna propagate through to the view.
Enables UI composition with JavaScript.
A JavaScript DOM enables a semi visual
form of coding our UIs where units
of code that describe the view.
We can have those produced using functions
as they do in things that React where
units of code that describe units
of view the user will see and
associated data can be positioned in
the code to indicate where they're gonna
appear on the web page.
We could move our DIV great job above, and
it would literally appear above
on the web page with the data.
So, it makes reasoning about our state,
our view, much easier.
The downside, right, this flow of
the data back and forth our content,
that is the combination of the data and
what's seen becomes much easier.
The downside of this semi visual code is
it takes the data and info on the view at
this moment and creates it in full,
that's why it's so easy to reason about.
Data generates view, however,
are you ready to figure out the change?
We don't have to say,
just change that bit, no,
here's that description one time and
do it again.
However, requires a significant
moves by us to improve,
there we go, moves by us to
improve efficiency using hooks and
a visual virtual DOM diffing process.
If we rebuild the DOM every time our data
change, that'd be entirely unnecessary and
if we rebuilt it every 15 milliseconds,
that would be entirely unnecessary.
Instead, we spot actual differences and
only change those known
as DOM reconciliation.
That's it people.
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> Thank you so much everybody,
thank you for all your incredible,
incredible, incredible, hard work.